Commuan Oiginal
Together with
Attitude Clinic
Subway Chiang Mai
Present
Self à¹€à¸£à¸²à¹€à¸«à¹‡à¸™à¸™à¸²à¸¢ (Self I see you)
Supported by Attitude Clinic
Shine your attitude
Reveals beautiful version of you.
I can't see my reflection in the mirror.
3..
and I see your reflection instead.
2..
Rumors about Neo killed a senior in my school..
You die.
1..
Hey!!!!
Geez!!!
Um..
This... is my performance with May,
Oh.. yes, it's Tang-May's performance that about to happen
Please follow us in our fan page, but right now we have to keep it secret.
Right?
So this is a goodbye for now
See you later..
The path he walked..
Hey hey, Nam Mei,
Calm down.. / What the fuck is that?
what did you just fucking do??
Weren't you going to take a gun from my bag?
How am I supposed to know that you brought a gun here?
What kind of idiot brings a gun to school?
What the hell is this about? Tang.
You're going to kill me, aren't you???
like you did to a guy named Fei, right?
Have you seen the video clip?
And you believe that I'm the one who did it, instantly??
Don't you even ask me?
And the gun that you took...
Don't you know that there is no any ammunition.
May, Nam-mei...
I'm so sorry
I thought he was going to take a gun from me..
Hey...Mei
You asshole..
You went too far this time..
So.. where are you going?
Just leave.. go where you wanna go..
I don't think I can help you anymore.
You told me to come to Chiang Mai...
And I did so..
Then why did you come messing with the gun in my bag?
I was not going to take a gun in your bag.
I just wanted to move the bag so I could sit.
Damn... It's because of you all alone
Because of me.. again?
Well, then....
how will you go back home?
I probably sleep in a hotel around here.
How come you don't go home?
Isn't it dangerous to sleep in a hotel alone?
Returning Lamphun would be more dangerous.
Someone sent animal's parts to threaten me.
So.. would you like to go sleep at my house ?
Is it safe to sleep at your house?
It's definitely safer than a hotel.
It's all up to you then.
Bro, wait..
Well... you can drop your bag over there
The mirror looks same as the one in my room like you said.
Fuck!!!!!!
Argh!!!!
Mark, you mother fucker!
you see your reflection like me, don't you?
Why do I have to go through this kind of thing?
I don't know if I'm supposed to ask you this..
, but I want to know what really happened.
Both about the school thing..
and about a guy named Fei,
Uh...
Well...
but... if you don't want to, that's fine.
I don't want to force you
Well, I met P'Fei for the first time at the athletics club,
I just moved to Wiang Punya Lamphun School
when I was in Grade 10 (Mathayom 4)
Umm.. Two, go arrange the training cone there and tell them to be quicker / Okay
Again, the same mistake.. right?
That's fine, I'll go help them.
uh
Are you p'Fei?
Yes, yes. Hi..
Oh, you must be Neo.. Grade 10 right?
So umm... can you wait here for a moment?
Just take a quick tour around here okay?
I'll go help Two clean up his mess
Everyone liked p'Fei
since he was a the school president
He was the beloved one.
I didn't know why he interested in a no-name guy like me
but it was nice playing around as a friend with him
Hey Neo, let me help you.
Thanks man..
Why don't you have a partner?
Where have all your friends gone?
Huh?
Okay? 10 Secends?
Okay
You okay? / Okay / Let's start
4 , 5 , 6..
It hurts, ouch, hurts / 7
ouch, enough please, it hurts / 8 , 9
9.5 / 9.. / Ouch .
It's 9 already! 10 / Ouch!!!
And 11 for lucky number.
Yeah that's it.
Come on, bro
What? come on what?
Eh!
it's your turn..
Everyone
finishes your warm-up and goes for a jogging.
About 10 rounds of the field alright?
Boo !!!!!!
Come on, don't grumble, go now
go fast, don't complain!!
I thought the reason of him being nice to me..
is that I'm a new guy in school
And it all went well being a bro of him,
a really nice bro.
What are you doing?
I'm reading Dragon Ball manga.
Oh.. Neo... have you read this too?
I think it's old-fashion.
It's a legend, bro!
I can reread it again and again.
Uh... can you take a picture for me?
ah, ok, let me..
a cool one okay?
I'll post it on IG
You got it!
The sunlight is too hard ...
Can I try it in a Korean style?
How? but ok.. / ok / let's try..
Alright..
3 2 1...
How is it? / Umm, here you go
Really cute like "UwU"
ugh really like "UwU" feeling
told ya
time for you, Neo
what, bro?
I have to give a credit to my photographer, don't I?
Oh, alright
Say cheese, 1 2 ...
(Being my photographer now, being my boyfriend later @ne_oaus)
Boyfriend?  boyfriend what?
Take it easy...
Just want to create a viral content.
No....
Take it down please.
Oh, Wow!! it's a Dragon Ball.
Whoa! This one is... a very new one. Oh wow
Really interesting.
Let me read it.
You're really getting on my nerve.
(P'Fei and Neo so cute together)
Terrifying! oh my, wow
(You and him are so damn lovely)
There is a super Saiyan, oh hey,
(Whoa, what is it between you and this boy?)
Is that Ultraman?
(Fei : so it's #FeiNeo or #NeoFei ðŸ¥° cr. @ne_oaus my handsome photographer)
(Geez this OTP is so cute)
(Is it One True Pairing or One True Couple)
After p'Fei got close to me,
(Fei : Sunset with you ðŸŒ…)
(Whoops, with who???)
(Neo took this pic, right?!)
everyone in the school thought I was in love with him
(Fei : ðŸŒº cr. you know who)
(Yeahh we know who)
(I want more of caption like this)
,but it actually was not.
Wait hey!!!!
Is this the boyfriend or girlfriend of p'Fei huh?
Boyfriend I think.
But I supposed it should gir.. girlfriend
Girlfriend!!!!!!! ha!!!
(laughs)
Have you been waiting for a while?
Let go have a dinner
Go have lunch
For me I thought he was my nice bro, I didn't want to go too far.
So.. I took a step back
But the worse become the worst..
Here...
It's Dragon Ball!
Oh, do you have one too?
Well, it's my father's stuff.
Yeah, that looks aged-old.
It's the first volume.
May I sit?
No please
Come on, lemme sit
Neo,
Let me make you a massage?
?? No
Come on ... I'll make a massage for you,
Hey!! dude
No means no!
Why? Neo...
Everyone misunderstood now
They think there's something between you and me
It's not the truth tho!
Neo, calm down. I'm just joking around,
Whatever then.
I like you, Neo
Posting a story of you in my IG
Uploading you video on social media
It's all because I like you, Neo.
Have you ever asked me?
how I really think about you
I think of you as my brother.
Can you stop making me feel awkward?
Did you try to open up to me?
Everything that I do
couldn't it conquer your heart?
Have I ever asked you?
Have I asked you to post a story of mine on your IG?
Have I ever asked you to like me?
Just leave me alone
That's all I'm want from you...
(Fei : I'm worthless)
p'fei posted a dramatic status after I rejected him
And everyone in school blamed  it on me
(Cheer up p'Fei! âœŒðŸ»
I won't forgive anyone who did this to you! ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡)
And everyone in school blamed  it on me
(Cheer up p'Fei! âœŒðŸ»
I won't forgive anyone who did this to you! ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡)
but it's not my fault
(Lighten up! Every cloud has a silver lining âœŒðŸ»âœŒðŸ»)
(p'Fei Who did anything to you? I will protect you! ðŸ’¯)
(Who let you down! I can't stand this! ðŸ’¢ðŸ’¢ðŸ’¢)
(There are plenty more fish in the sea!)
(Who did this to my p'Fei!! ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ So sick!)
(Would you like me to kill him? I could do that for you)
Neo.
P'Two..
Go talk to Fei, please.
What else do you want me to talk to him?
He'll get better soon
Dude!
I've never seen him being like this.
This might be the first time..
I guess it kinda hurts him so bad.
Anyway, try to talk to him, okay? /
Ok..
Neo : P'Fei why didn't you come today?
Fei : Neo, I'm really sorry..
Neo : It's fine.
Fei : I'm going to Japan in a day or two, can we meet at the rooftop of abandon building after school?..
Fei : If I'm still worthy..
Neo
What's matter with you?
I just want to ask if you can open up to me..
In the past, I might have made you feel awkward or uncomfortable.
But I still want to conquer your heart.
Is there a chance..
that you will belong with me?
I think of you as a brother
If you really like me
why you post a drama status on Facebook and make everyone blame it on me huh?
Neo. Don't you understand my feelings at all?
When I have you in life, I'm very happy
I said I didn't like it.
And you still do this to me??
Neo!!
You made me love you
And how can you leave me like this?
If I ain't got you
I'd rather die!
You won't die, bro
It's just an excuse.
Please stop bothering me
I beg you
If you goes, I will jump.
Don't do this, bro.
Sponsored by Attitude Clinic
Then.. look in my eyes.
You can look into my eyes.
Come on man,
as if you are touring me out here in Chiang Mai
Is that Tang?
I invited Tang to come and play music here, but I didn't come.
Thank you bro for trusting me.
Thank you too for believing in us.